your shoes are fabulous designer shoes
are those are you big fan of shoes how
much did you pay for those check these
all your melrose oh yeah tell me about
these shoot that leather tell me about
these shoes these are shoes for crews
okay I wear them at my job I work I wear
them at Whole Foods oh you weren't
slipping so whole foods are floors
slippery so you need something with a
little bit of grip right exactly so you
went what do they call shoes for crews
shoes for crews so when you're at Whole
Foods just so you don't slip you just be
cruising down the aisles right exactly
how much they call forty dollars paid
for by the company pit now you cannot
beat that forty dollars and the company
paid for them you can't beat that I
think they just come in black just black
what we like black black one black works
for me black lace
probably like 10 I just have my staple
like my girl staple my boy staple shoes
like boots you need some boots like I
have some good like shiny black boots
yeah they're sturdy I'll have some
sandals okay I have some like Gucci
shoes somewhere in there oh wait hold on
slow down rewind what the hoochie shoes
look like what the hoochie shoes look
like my favorite ones have a wooden base
okay they're pretty high and just
abstract angles and they wrap up with
like ties that's when you want to go out
to the club and get your freak on yeah
just like yeah just prance around my
house teasing myself Wow okay if I get a
job at whole foods can I get a free pair
of shoes like that too of course they'll
give you two I need a ride yeah yeah
let's go